[v2.15.0] Update Refresh Interval instructions to include new units field (#1281)
rancher/rancher-product-docs: versions/v2.15/modules/en/pages/cluster-admin/helm-charts-in-rancher/helm-charts-in-rancher.adoc

= Helm Charts and Apps
:page-languages: [en, de, es, fr, ja, pt, zh]

> :revdate: 2026-08-28

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:revdate: 2026-07-28
```

[#_refresh_interval]
==== Refresh Interval

> Rancher adds the `refreshInterval` field to the `ClusterRepo` custom resource definition (CRD). By default, Rancher syncs each Helm repository every hour (3600 seconds).

Reviewer: By just dropping the version, the sentence reads like this field is a new addition to 2.15 (and for 2.16 when we generate that and so on).

```suggestion
By default, Rancher syncs each Helm repository every hour (3600 seconds). You can configure the frequency using the `refreshInterval` field of the `ClusterRepo` custom resource definition (CRD).
```

> Rancher v2.10.0 adds the `refreshInterval` field to the `ClusterRepo` custom resource definition (CRD). By default, Rancher syncs each Helm repository every hour (3600 seconds).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Rancher adds the `refreshInterval` field to the `ClusterRepo` custom resource definition (CRD). By default, Rancher syncs each Helm repository every hour (3600 seconds).
```
